**Directions:** *In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more thanonce.*

### 2017年6月卷一

**Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.**

The method for making beer has changed over time. Hops (啤酒花)，for example, which give many a modem beer its bitter flavor, are a `(26)_______` recent addition to the beverage. This was first mentioned in reference to brewing in the ninth century. Now, researchers have found a `(27)_______` ingredient in residue (残留物）from 5,000-year-old beer brewing equipment. While digging two pits at a site in the central plains of China, scientists discovered fragments from pots and vessels. The different shapes of the containers `(28)_______` they were used to brew, filter, and store beer. They may be ancient “beer-making tools,” and the earliest `(29)_______` evidence of beer brewing in China, the researchers reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.  To `(30)_______` that theory, the team examined the yellowish, dried `(31)_______` inside the vessels. The majority of the grains, about 80%, were from cereal crops like barley (大麦),and about 10% were bits of roots, `(32)_______` lily,which would have made the beer sweeter, the scientists say. Barley was an unexpected find: the crop was domesticated in Western Eurasia and didn't become a `(33)_______` food in central China until about 2,000 years ago, according to the researchers. Based on that timing, they indicate barley may have `(34)_______` in the region not as food, but as `(35)_______` material for beer brewing.

A) Arrived

B) Consuming

C) Direct

D) Exclusively

E) Including

F) Inform

G) Raw

H) Reached

I) Relatively

J) Remains

K) Resources

L) Staple

M) Suggest

N) Surprising

O) Test



### 2017年6月卷二

**Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.**

America’s Internet is fester than ever before, but people still complain about their Internet being too slow.

New York’s Attorney General’s office `(26)_______` an investigation in the fall into whether or not Verizon, Cablevision and Time Warner are delivering broadband that’s as fast as the providers `(27)_______` it is. Earlier this month, the office asked for the public’s help to measure their speed results, saying consumers `(28)_______` to get the speeds they were promised. “Too many of us may be paying for one thing, and getting another，” the Attorney General said.

If the investigation uncovers anything, it wouldn’t be the first time a telecom provider got into `(29)_______` over the broadband speeds it promised and delivered customers. Back in June, the Federal Communications Commission fined AT& T $ 100 million over`(30)_______` that the carrier secretly reduced wireless speeds after customers consumed a certain amount of`(31)_______` .

Even when they stay on the right side of the law, Internet providers arouse customers’ anger over bandwidth speed and cost. Just this week, an investigation found that media and telecom giant Comcast is the most `(32)_______` provider. Over 10 months, Comcast received nearly 12,000 customer complaints, many `(33)_______` to its monthly data cap and overage (超过额度的）charges.

Some Americans are getting so `(34)_______` with Internet providers they’re just giving up. A recent study found that the number of Americans with high-speed Internet at home today `(35)_______` fell during the last two years, and 15% of people now consider themselves to be “cord-cutters.”

A)  Accusations

B)  Actually

C)  Claim

D)  Communicating

E)   Complain

F)   Data

G)  Deserved

H)  Frustrated

I)    Hated

J)   Launched

K)  Relating

L)   Times

M) Trouble

N)  Usually

O)  Worried



### 2017年6月卷三

**Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.**

As if you needed another reason to hate the gym, it now turns out that exercise can exhaust not only your muscles, but also your eyes. Fear not, however, for coffee can stimulate them again. During `(26)_______` exercise, our muscles tire as they run out of fuel and build up waste products. Muscle performance can also be affected by a `(27)_______` called "central fatigue,” in which an imbalance in the body’s chemical messengers prevents the central nervous system from directing muscle movements `(28)_______`. It was not known, however, whether central fatigue might also affect motor systems not directly `(29)  _______` in the exercise itself, such as those that move the eyes. To find out, researchers gave 11 volunteer cyclists a carbohydrate (碳水化合物的）`(30)_______` either with a moderate dose of caffeine (咖啡因)，which is known to stimulate the central nervous system, or as a placebo (安慰剂） without, during 3 hours of `(31)_______ `. After exercising, the scientists tested the cyclists with eye­tracking cameras to see how well their brains could still `(32)_______` their visual system. The team found that exercise reduced the speed of rapid eye movements by about 8%, `(33)_______` their ability to capture new visual information. The caffeine, the equivalent of two strong cups of coffee, was `(34)_______` to reverse this effect, with some cyclists even displaying `(35)_______` eye movement speeds. So it might be a good idea to get someone else to drive you home after that marathon.

A) Cautiously

B) Commit

C) Control

D) Cycling

E) Effectively

F) Increased

G) Involved

H) Limited

I) Phenomenon

J) Preventing

K) Sensitive

L) Slowing

M) Solution

N) Sufficient

O) Vigorous



### 2017年12月卷一

**Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.**

A rat or pigeon might not be the obvious choice to tend to someone who is sick, but these creatures have some `(26)_______` skills that could help the treatment of human diseases.

Pigeons are often seen as dirty birds and an urban  `(27)_______` , but they are just the latest in a long line of animals that have been found to have abilities to help humans. Despite having a brain no bigger than the  `(28)_______`  of your index finger, pigeons have a very impressive `(29)_______` memory. Recently it was shown that they could be trained to be as accurate as humans at detecting breast cancer in images.

Rats are often  `(30)_______`  with spreading disease rather than  `(31)_______`  it, but this long-tailed animal is highly `(32)_______` . Inside a rat's nose are up to 1,000 different types of olfactory receptors (嗅觉感受器), whereas humans only have 100 to 200 types. This gives rats the ability to detect  `(33)_______`  smells. As a result, some rats are being put to work to detect TB(肺结核). When the rats detect the smell, they stop and rub their legs to  `(34)_______`  a sample is infected.

Traditionally, a hundred samples would take lab technicians more than two days to  `(35)_______` , but for a rat it takes less than 20 minutes. This rat detection method doesn't rely on specialist equipment. It is also more accurate — the rats are able to find more TB infections and, therefore, save more lives.

A) associated

B) examine

C) indicate

D) nuisance

E) peak 

F) preventing 

G) prohibiting

H) sensitive

I) slight

J) specify 

K) superior 

L) suspicious

M) tip 

N) treated

O) visual



### 2017年12月卷二

**Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.**

Technological changes brought dramatic new options to Americans living in the 1990s. During this decade new forms of entertainment, commerce, research, and communication became commonplace in the U. S. The driving force behind much of this change was a(n)  `(26)_______`  popularly known as the Internet.

The Internet was developed during the 1970s by the Department of Defense. In the case of an attack, military advisers suggested the  `(27)_______` of being able to operate one computer from another terminal. In the early days, the Internet was used mainly by scientists to communicate with other scientists. The Internet  `(28)_______`  under government control until 1984.

One early problem faced by Internet users was speed. Phone lines could only transmit information at a  `(29)_______`  rate. The development of fiber-optic(光纤) cables allowed for billions of bits of information to be received every minute. Companies like Intel developed faster microprocessors, so personal computers could process the  `(30)_______` signals at a more rapid rate.

In the early 1990s, the World Wide Web was developed, in large part, for  `(31)_______` purposes. Corporations created home pages where they could place text and graphics to sell products. Soon airline tickets, hotel  `(32)_______` , and even cars and homes could be purchased online. Universities  `(33)_______`  research data on the Internet, so students could find  `(34)_______` information without leaving their dormitories. Companies soon discovered that work could be done at home and `(35)_______` online, so a whole new class of telecommuters began to earn a living from home offices unshaven and wearing pajamas(睡衣).

A) Advantage		

B) Commercial 		

C) Conservation		

D) Equipped		

E) Incoming

F) Innovation		

G) Limited				

H) Local						

I) Maintained	  

J) Occupations

K) Posted			   

L) Remained		   

M) Reservations		 

N) Submitted	  

O) Valuable



### 2017年12月卷三

**Questions 26 to 35 are based on the following passage.**

We all know there exists a great void（空白）in the public educational system when it comes to `(26)_______` to STEM（Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics）courses. One educator named Dori Roberts decided to do something to change this system. Dori taught high school engineering for 11 years. She noticed there was a real void in quality STEM education at all  `(27)_______`  of the public educational system. She said, “I started Engineering For Kids (EFK)after noticing a real lack of math, science and engineering programs to  `(28)_______`  my own kids in”

She decided to start an afterschool program where children  `(29)_______` in STEM-based competitions. The club grew quickly and when it reached 180 members and the kids in the program won several state  `(30)_______`, she decided to devote all her time to cultivating and  `(31)_______` it. The global business EFK was born.

Dori began operating EFK out of her Virginia home, which she then expanded to `(32)_______` recreation centers. Today, the EFK program `(33)_______` over 144 branches in 32 states within the United States and in 21 countries. Sales have doubled from $5 million in 2014 to $10 million in 2015,with 25 new branches planned for 2016. The EFK website states, “Our nation is not `(34)_______` enough engineers. Our philosophy is to inspire kids at a young age to understand that engineering is a great `(35)_______`.”

A) Attracted

B) Career 

C) Championships

D) Degrees

E) Developing

F) Enroll

G) Exposure

H) Feasible

I) Feeding

J) Graduating

K) Interest

L) Levels

M) Local

N) Operates

O) participated