**Directions:** *There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.*

### 2017年6月卷一

**Passage One**

**Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.**

The phrase almost completes itself: midlife crisis. It’s the stage in the middle of the journey when people feel youth vanishing, their prospects narrowing and death approaching.

There’s only one problem with the cliche (套话).It isn’t true.

“In fact, there is almost no hard evidence for midlife crisis other than a few small pilot studies conducted decades ago,” Barbara Hagerty writes in her new book, Life Reimagined. The vast bulk of the research shows that there may be a pause, or a shifting of gears in the 40s or 50s, but this shift “can be exciting, rather than terrifying”.

Barbara Hagerty looks at some of the features of people who turn midlife into a rebirth. They break routines, because “autopilot is death”. They choose purpose over happiness一having a clear sense of purpose even reduces the risk of Alzheimer’s disease. They give priority to relationships, as careers often recede(逐渐淡化).

Life Reimagined paints a picture of middle age that is far from gloomy. Midlife seems like the second big phase of decision-making. Your identity has been formed; you’ve built up your resources; and now you have the chance to take the big risks precisely because your foundation is already secure.

Karl Barth described midlife precisely this way. At middle age, he wrote, “the sowing is behind; now is the time to reap. The run has been taken; now is the time to leap. Preparation has been made; now is the time for the venture of the work itself.”

The middle-aged person, Barth continued, can see death in the distance, but moves with a “measured haste” to get big new things done while there is still time.

What Barth wrote decades ago is even truer today. People are healthy and energetic longer. We have presidential candidates running for their first term in office at age 68, 69 and 74. A longer lifespan is changing the narrative structure of life itself. What could have been considered the beginning of a descent is now a potential turning point—the turning point you are most equipped to take full advantage of.

**46.** **What does the author think of the phrase “midlife crisis”？**

A) It has led to a lot of debate.      

B) It is widely acknowledged. 
   C) It is no longer fashionable.      

D) It misrepresents real life.

**47.** **How does Barbara Hagerty view midlife?**

A) It may be the beginning of a crisis.

B) It can be a new phase of one’s life.

C) It can be terrifying for the unprepared.

D) It may see old-age diseases approaching.

**48.** **How is midlife pictured in the book Life Reimagined?**

A) It can be quite rose.

B) It can be burdensome.

C) It undergoes radical transformation.

D) It makes for the best part of one’s life.

**49.** **According to Karl Barth, midlife is the time_______.**

A) to relax.        

B) to mature.

C) to harvest.        

D) to reflect.

**50.** **What does the author say about midlife today?**

A) It is more meaningful than other stages of life.

B) It is likely to change the narrative of one’s life,

C) It is more important to those with a longer lifespan.

D) It is likely to be a critical turning point in one’s life.

 

**Passage Two**

**Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.**

In spring, chickens start laying again, bringing a welcome source of protein at winter’s end. So it’s no surprise that cultures around the world celebrate spring by honoring the egg.

Some traditions are simple, like the red eggs that get baked into Greek Easter breads. Others elevate the egg into a fancy art, like the heavily jewel-covered “eggs” that were favored by the Russians starting in the 19th century.

One ancient form of egg art comes to us from Ukraine. For centuries, Ukrainians have been drawing complicated patterns on eggs. Contemporary artists have followed this tradition to create eggs that speak to the anxieties of our age: Life is precious, and delicate. Eggs are, too.

“There’s something about their delicate nature that appeals to me,” says New Yorker cartoonist Roz Chast. Several years ago, she became interested in eggs and learned the traditional Ukrainian technique to draw her very modem characters. “I’ve broken eggs at every stage of the process—from the very beginning to the very, very end.”

But there’s an appeal in that vulnerability. “There’s part of this sickening horror of knowing you’re walking on the edge with this, that I kind of like, knowing that it could all fall apart at any second.” Chast’s designs, such as a worried man alone in a tiny rowboat, reflect that delicateness.

Traditional Ukrainian decorated eggs also spoke to those fears. The elaborate patterns were believed to offer protection against evil.

“There’s an ancient legend that as long as these eggs are made, evil will not prevail in the world,” says Joan Brander, a Canadian egg-painter who has been painting eggs for over 60 years, having learned the art from her Ukrainian relatives.

The tradition, dating back to 300 B.C., was later incorporated into the Christian church. The old symbols, however, still endure. A decorated egg with a bird on it, given to a young married couple, is a wish for children. A decorated egg thrown into the field would be a wish for a good harvest.

**51.** **Why do people in many cultures prize the egg?**

A) It is a welcome sign of the coming of spring.

B) It is their major source of protein in winter.

C) It can easily be made into a work of art.

D) It can bring wealth and honor to them.

**52.** **What do we learn about the decorated “eggs” in Russia?**

A) They are shaped like jewel cases.

B) They are cherished by the rich.

C) They are heavily painted in red.

D) They are favored as a form of art.

**53.** **Why have contemporary artists continued the egg art tradition?**

A) Eggs serve as an enduring symbol of new life.

B) Eggs have an oval shape appealing to artists.

C) Eggs reflect the anxieties of people today.

D) Eggs provide a unique surface to paint on.

**54.** **Why does Chast enjoy the process of decorating eggs?**

A) She never knows if the egg will break before the design is completed.

B) She can add multiple details to the design to communicate her idea.

C) She always derives great pleasure from designing something new.

D) She is never sure what the final design will look like until the end.

**55.** **What do we learn from the passage about egg-painting?**

A) It originated in the eastern part of Europe.

B) It has a history of over two thousand years.

C) It is the most time-honored form of fancy art.

D) It is especially favored as a church decoration.



### 2017年6月卷二

**Passage One**

**Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.**

The Urbanization — migration away from the suburbs to the city center — will be the biggest real estate trend in 2015, according to a new report.

The report says America’s urbanization will continue to be the most significant issue affecting the industry, as cities across the country imitate the walkability and transit-oriented development making cities like New York and San Francisco so successful.

As smaller cities copy the model of these “24-hour cities，’’ tfiore affordable versions of these places will be created. The report refers to this as the coming of the “18-hour city，”，and uses the term to refer to cities like Houston, Austin, Charlotte, and Nashville, which are “positioning themselves as highly competitive, in terms of livability, employment offerings, and recreational and cultural facilities.” 

Another trend that looks significant in 2015 is that America’s largest population group, Millennials (千禧一代)，will continue to put off buying a house. Apartments will retain their appeal for a while for Millennials, haunted by what happened to home-owning parents.

This trend will continue into the 2020s, the report projects. After that, survey respondents disagree over whether this generation will follow in their parents，footsteps, moving to the suburbs to raise families, or will choose to remain in the city center.

Another issue affecting real estate in the coming year will be America’s failing infrastructure. Most roads, bridges, transit, water systems, the electric grid, and communications networks were installed 50 to 100 years ago, and they are largely taken for granted until they fail.

The report’s writers state that America’s failure to invest in infrastructure impacts not only the health of the real-estate market, but also our ability to remain globally competitive.

Apart from the specific trends highlighted above, which cause some investors to worry, the report portrays an overall optimism borne by the recent healthy real-estate “upcycle” and improving economy. Seventy-four percent of the respondents surveyed report a “good to excellent” expectation of real-estate profitability in 2015. While excessive optimism can promote bad investment patterns, resulting in a real- estate “bubble,” the report’s writers downplay that potential outcome in that it has not yet occurred.

**46. According to the new report, real estate development in 2015 will witness_______ .**

A) an accelerating speed.

B) a shift to city centers.

C) a new focus on small cities.
   D) an ever-increasing demand.

**47. What characterizes “24-hour cities” like New York?**

A) People can live without private cars.

B) People are generally more competitive.

C) People can enjoy services around the clock.

D) People are in harmony with the environment.

**48****.** **Wh****y ar****e** **Millennials reluctant to buy a house?**

A) They can only afford small apartments.

B) The house prices are currently too high.

C) Their parents' bad experience still haunts them.

D) They feel attached to the suburban environment.

**49. What might hinder real estate development in the U.S.?**

A) The continuing economic recession in the country.

B) The lack of confidence on the part of investors.

C) The fierce global competition.

D) The worsening infrastructure.

**50. How do most of the respondents in the survey feel about the U.S. real-estate market in 2015?**

A) Pessimistic.          

B) Hopeful.

C) Cautious.           

D) Uncertain.

 

**Passage Two**

**Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.**

The brain is a seemingly endless library, whose shelves house our most precious memories as well as our lifetime’s knowledge. But is there a point where it reaches capacity?

The answer is no, because brains are more sophisticated than that. Instead of just crowding in, old information is sometimes pushed out of the brain for new memories to form.

Previous behavioural studies have shown that learning new information can lead to forgetting. But in a new study, researchers demonstrated for the first time how this effect occurs in the brain.

In daily life, forgetting actually has clear advantages. Imagine, for instance, that you lost your bank card. The new card you receive will come with a new personal identificatipn number (PIN). Each time you remember the new PIN, you gradually forget the old one. This process improves access to relevant information, without old memories interfering.

And most of us may sometimes feel the frustration of having old memories interfere with new, relevant memories. Consider trying to remember where you parked your car in the same car park you were at a week earlier. This type of memory (where you are trying to remember new, but similar information) is particularly vulnerable to interference.

When we acquire new information, the brain automatically tries to incorporate (合并)it within existing information by forming associations. And when we retrieve (检索) information, both the desired and associated but irrelevant information is recalled.

The majority of previous research has focused on how we learn and remember new information. But current studies are beginning to place greater emphasis on the conditions under which we forget, as its importance begins to be more appreciated.

A very small number of people are able to remember almost every detail of their life. While it may sound like an advantage to many, people with this rare condition often find their unusual ability burdensome.

In a sense, forgetting is our brain’s way of sorting memories, so the most relevant memories are ready for retrieval. Normal forgetting may even be a safety mechanism to ensure our brain doesn’t become too full.

**51.** **What have past behavioural studies found about our brain?**

A) Its capacity actually knows no limits.

B) It grows sophisticated with practice.

C) It keeps our most precious memories until life’s end.

D) New information learned pushes old information out. 

**52. What is the benefit of forgetting?**

A) It frees us from painful memories.

B) It helps slow down our aging process.

C) It facilitates our access to relevant information.

D) It prevents old information from forming associations.

**53. What is the emphasis of current studies of memory?**

A) When people tend to forget.

B) What contributes to forgetting.

C) How new technology hinders memory capacity.

D) Why learning and forgetting arc complementary.

**54. What do people find about their rare ability to remember every detail of their life?**

A) It adds to the burden of their memory.

B) It makes their life more complicated.

C) It contributes to their success in life.

D) It constitutes a rare object of envy.

**55. What does the passage say about forgetting?**

A) It can enlarge our brain capacity.

B) It helps get rid of negative memories.

C) It is a way of organising our memories.

D) It should not cause any alarm in any way.



### 2017年6月卷三

**Passage One**

**Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.**

The Shoppers in the UK are spending less money on toilet paper to save money, research has shown.

Penny-pinching UK consumers choose cheaper products from discounters such as Aldi and Lidl rather than luxury alternatives.

This has wiped 6% off the value of the soft tissue paper market in the UK. It has shrunk from £1.19 billion in 2011 to £1.12 billion in 2015,according to a new report from market research company Mintel. Furthermore, the future of the market looks far from rosy, with sales expected to fall further to £1.11 billion in 2016.

In the last year alone, despite an increase in the UK population and a subsequent rise in the number of households, sales of toilet paper fell by 2%, with the average household reducing their toilet roll spending from £43 in 2014 to £41 in 2015.

Overall, almost three in five people say they try to limit their usage of paper—including facial tissue and kitchen roll―to save money. “Strength，softness and thickness remain the leading indicators of toilet paper quality, with just a small proportion of consumers preferring more luxurious alternatives, such as those with flower patterns of perfume,said Mintel analyst Jack Duckett. ''These extra features are deemed unnecessary by the majority of shoppers, which probably reflects how these types of products are typically more expensive than regular toilet paper, even when on special offer.”

While consumers are spending less on toilet paper, they remain fussy―in theory at least—when it comes to paper quality. Top of Britons’ toilet paper wish list is softness (57%) followed by strength (45%) and thickness (36%).

One in 10 buyers rand toilet rolls made from recycled paper among their top considerations, highlighting how overall the environment is much less of a consideration for shoppers than product quality. In a challenge for manufacturers, 81% of paper product users said they would consider buying recycled toilet tissue if it were comparable in quality to standard paper.

**46.** **The market sales of toilet paper have decreased because**    **.**

A) Britons have cut their spending on it

B) its prices have gone up over the years

C) its quality has seen marked improvement

D) Britons have developed the habit of saving

**47.** **What does the author think of the future of the tissue paper market in the UK?**

A) It will expend in time.

B) It will remain gloomy.

C) It will experience ups and downs.

D) It will recover as population grows.

**48.** **What does Jack Duckett say about toilet paper?**

A) Special offers would promote its sales.

B) Consumers are loyal to certain brands.

C) Luxurious features add much to the price.

D) Consumers have a variety to choose from.

**49.** **What do we learn about Britons concerning toilet paper?**

A) They are particular about the quality of toilet paper.

B) They emphasize the strength of toilet paper the most.

C) They prefer cheap toilet paper to recycled toilet paper.

D) They reject using toilet paper with unnecessary features.

**50.** **What can we infer from the last paragraph?**

A) More and more Britons buy recycled toiler paper to protect the environment.

B) Toilet paper manufacturers are facing a great challenge in promoting its sales.

C) Toilet paper manufacturers compete with one another to improve product quality.

D) Environmental protection is not much of a concern when Britons buy toilet paper.

 

**Passage Two**

**Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.**

“One of the reasons I find this topic very interesting is because my mom was a smoker when I was younger，” says Lindson-Hawley, who studies tobacco and health at the University of Oxford.

By studying about 700 adult smokers, she found out that her mom quit the right way—by stopping abruptly and completely.

In her study, participants were randomly (随机地）assigned to two groups. One had to quit abruptly on a given day, going from about a pack a day to zero. The other cut down gradually over the course of two weeks. People in both groups used nicotine (尼古丁）patches before they quit, in addition to a second form of nicotine replacement, like gum or spray. They also had talk therapy with a nurse before and after quit day.

Six months out, more people who had quit abruptly had stuck with it—more than one-fifth of them, compared to about one-seventh in the other group. Although these numbers appear low, it is much higher than if people try without support.

And the quit rates were particularly convincing given that before the study started, most of the people had said they’d rather cut down gradually before quitting. “If you’re training for a marathon, you wouldn’t expect to turn up and just be able to run it. And I think people see that for smoking as well. They think,‘ Well， if I gradually reduce, it’s like practice，’” says Lindson-Hawley. But that wasn’t the case. Instead of giving people practice, the gradual reduction likely gave them cravings (瘾）and withdrawal symptoms before they even reached quit day, which could be why fewer people in that group actually made it to that point. “Regardless of your stated preference, if you’re ready to quit, quitting abruptly is more effective,”says Dr. Gabriela Ferreira. “When you can quote a specific number like a fifth of the patients were able to quit, that’s compelling. It gives them the encouragement, I think, to really go for it，’’Ferreira says.

People rarely manage to quit the first time they try. But at least, she says, they can maximize the odds of success.

 

**51. What does Lindson-Hawley say about her mother?**

A) She quit smoking with her daughter’s help.

B) She succeeded in quitting smoking abruptly.

C) She was also a researcher of tobacco and health.

D) She studied the smoking patterns of adult smokers.

**52.** **What kind of support did smokers receive to quit smoking in Lindson-Hawley’s study?**

A) They were given physical training.

B) They were looked after by physicians.

C) They were encouraged by psychologists.

D) They were offered nicotine replacements.

**53.** **How does Dr. Gabriela Ferreira view the result of Lindson-Hawley’s experiment?**

A) It is idealized.

B) It is unexpected.

C) It is encouraging.

D) It is misleading.

**54. The idea of “a marathon”（Line 2, Para. 5) illustrates the popular belief that quitting smoking?**

A) is something few can accomplish.

B) needs some practice first.

C) requires a lot of patience.

D) is a challenge at the beginning.

**55. What happens when people try to quit smoking gradually?**

A) They find it even more difficult.

B) They are simply unable to make it.

C) They show fewer withdrawal symptoms.

D) They feel much less pain in the process.

### 2017年12月卷一

#### Passage One

**Questions 46 and 50 are based on the following passage.**

That people often experience trouble sleeping in a different bed in unfamiliar surroundings is a phenomenon known as the “first-night” effect. If a person stays in the same room the following night they tend to sleep more soundly. Yuka Sasaki and her colleagues at Brown University set out to investigate the origins of this effect.

Dr. Sasaki knew the first-night effect probably has something to do with how humans evolved. The puzzle was what benefit would be gained from it when performance might be affected the following day. She also knew from previous work conducted on birds and dolphins that these animals put half of their brains to sleep at a time so that they can rest while remaining alert enough to avoid predators (捕食者). This led her to wonder if people might be doing the same thing. To take a closer look, her team studied 35 healthy people as they slept in the unfamiliar environment of the university’s Department of Psychological Sciences. The participants each slept in the department for two nights and were carefully monitored with techniques that looked at the activity of their brains. Dr. Sasaki found, as expected, the participants slept less well on their first night than they did on their second, taking more than twice as long to fall asleep and sleeping less overall. During deep sleep, the participants’ brains behaved in a similar manner seen in birds and dolphins. On the first night only, the left hemispheres (半球) of their brains did not sleep nearly as deeply as their right hemispheres did.

Curious if the left hemispheres were indeed remaining awake to process information detected in the surrounding environment, Dr. Sasaki re-ran the experiment while presenting the sleeping participants with a mix of regularly timed beeps ( 蜂 鸣 声 ) of the same tone and irregular beeps of a different tone during the night. She worked out that, if the left hemisphere was staying alert to keep guard in a strange environment, then it would react to the irregular beeps by stirring people from sleep and would ignore the regularly timed ones. This is precisely what she found.

**46.** **What did researchers find puzzling about the first-night effect?**

A) To what extent it can trouble people. 

B) What role it has played in evolution. 

C) What circumstances may trigger it.

D) In what way it can be beneficial.

**47.** **What do we learn about Dr. Yuka Sasaki doing her research?**

A) She found birds and dolphins remain alert while asleep.

B) She found birds and dolphins sleep in much the same way.

C) She got some idea from previous studies on birds and dolphins

D) She conducted studies on birds’ and dolphins’ sleeping patterns.

**48.** **What did Dr. Sasaki do when she first did her experiment?**

A) She monitored the brain activity of participants sleeping in a new environment.

B) She recruited 35 participants from her Department of Psychological Sciences.

C) She studied the differences between the two sides of participants’ brains.

D) She tested her findings about birds and dolphins on human subjects.

**49.** **What did Dr. Sasaki do when re-running her experiment?**

A) She analyzed the negative effect of irregular tones on brains.

B) She recorded participants’ adaptation to changed environment.

C) She exposed her participants to two differentstimuli.

D) She compared the responses of differentparticipants.

**50.** **What did Dr. Sasaki find about the participants in her experiment?**

A) They tended to enjoy certain tones more than others.

B) They tended to perceive irregular beeps as a threat.

C) They felt sleepy when exposed to regular beeps.

D) They differed in their tolerance of irregular tones.

 

#### Passage Two

**Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.**

It’s time to reevaluate how women handle conflict at work. Being overworked or over-committed at home and on the job will not get you where you want to be in life. It will only slow you down and hinder your career goals.

Did you know women are more likely than men to feel exhausted? Nearly twice as many women than men ages 18-44 reported feeling “very tired” or “exhausted”, according to a recent study.

This may not be surprising given that this is the age range when women have children. It's also the age range when many women are trying to balance careers and home. One reason women may feel exhausted is that they have a hard time saying "no." Women want to be able to do it all volunteer for school parties or cook delicious meals-and so their answer to any request is often “Yes, I can.”

Women struggle to say “no” in the workplace for similar reasons, including the desire to be liked by their colleagues.

Unfortunately, this inability to say "no" may be hurting women's heath as well as their career.

At the workplace, men use conflict as a way to position themselves, while women often avoid conflict or strive to be the peacemaker, because they don't want to be viewed as aggressive or disruptive at work. For example, there’s a problem that needs to be addressed immediately, resulting in a dispute over should be the one to fix it. Men are more likely to face that dispute from the perspective of what benefits them most, whereas women may approach the same dispute from the perspective of what's the easiest and quickest way to resolve the problem-even if that means doing the boring work themselves.

This difference in handling conflict could be the deciding factor on who gets promoted to a leadership position and who does not. Leaders have to be able to delegate and manage resources wisely – including staff expertise. Shouldering more of the workload may not earn you that promotion. Instead, it may highlight your inability to delegate effectively.

**51.** **What does the author say is the problem with women?**

A) They are often unclear about the career goals to reach.

B) They are usually more committed at home than on the job.

C) They tend to be over-optimistic about how far they could go.

D) They tend to push themselves beyond the limits of their ability.

**52.** **Why do working women of child-bearing age tend to feel drained of energy?**

A) They struggle to satisfy the demands of both work and home.

B) They are too devoted to work and unable to relax as a result.

C) They do their best to cooperate with their workmates.

D) They are obliged to take up too many responsibilities.

**53.** **What may hinder the future prospects of career women?**

A) Their unwillingness to say “no”.

B) Their desire to be considered powerful.

C) An underestimate of their own ability.

D) A lack of courage to face challenges.

**54.** **Men and woman differ in their approach to resolving workplace conflicts in that**   **.**

A) women tend to be easily satisfied

B) men are generally more persuasive

C) men tend to put their personal interests first

D) women are much more ready to compromise

**55.** **What is important to a good leader?**

A) dominant personality. 

B) The ability to delegate.   

C) The courage to admit failure

D) A strong sense of responsibility.



### 2017年12月卷二

**Passage One**

**Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.**

Nobody really knows how big Lagos is. What’s indisputable is that it’s growing very quick between now and 2050, the urban population of Africa could triple. Yet cities in sub-Saharan Africa not getting richer the way cities in the rest of the world have. Most urban Africans live in slums(贫民窟); migrants are often not much better off than they were in the countryside. Why?

The immediate problem is poverty. Most of Africa is urbanizing at a lower level of income than other regions of the world did. That means there’s little money around for investment that would make cities liveable and more productive. Without upgrades and new capacity, bridges, roads and power systems are unable to cope with expanding populations. With the exception of South Africa, the only light rail metro system in sub-Saharan Africa is in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Traffic jam leads to expense and unpredictability, things that keep investors away.

In other parts of the world, increasing agricultural productivity and industrialization went together. More productive farmers meant there was a surplus that could feed cities; in turn, that created a pool of labour for factories. But African cities are different. They are too often built around consuming natural resources. Government is concentrated in capitals, so is the money. Most urban Africans work for a small minority of the rich, who tend to be involved in either cronyish(有裙带关系的 )businesses or politics. Since African agriculture is still broadly unproductive, food is imported, consuming a portion of revenue.

So what can be done? Though African countries are poor, not all African cities are. In Lagos, foreign oil workers can pay as much as $ 65,000 per year in rent for a modest apartment in a safe part of town. If that income were better taxed, it might provide the revenue for better infrastructure. If city leaders were more accountable to their residents, they might favour projects designed to help them more. Yet even as new roads are built, new people arrive. When a city’s population grows by 5% a year, it is difficult to keep up.

**46.** **What do we learn from the passage about cities in sub-Saharan Africa?**

A) They have more slums than other cities in the world.

B) They are growing fast without becoming richer.

C) They are as modernized as many cities elsewhere.

D) They attract migrants who want to be better off.

**47.** **What does the author imply about urbanization in other parts of the world?**

A) It benefited from the contribution of immigrants.

B) It started when people’s income was relatively high.

C) It benefited from the accelerated rise in productivity.

D) It started with the improvement of people’s livelihood.

**48.** **Why is sub-Saharan Africa unappealing to investors?**

A) It lacks adequate transport facilities.

B) The living expenses there are too high.

C) It is on the whole too densely populated.

D) The local governments are corrupted.

**49.** **In what way does the author say African cities are different?**

A) They have attracted huge numbers of farm labourers.

B) They still rely heavily on agricultural productivity.

C) They have developed at the expense of nature.

D) They depend far more on foreign investment.

**50.** **What might be a solution to the problems facing African cities?** 

A) Lowering of apartment rent.

B) Better education for residents.

C) More rational overall planning.

D) A more responsible government.

 

**Passage Two**

**Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.**

For the past several decades, it seems there’s been a general consensus on how to get ahead in America: Get a college education, find a reliable job, and buy your own home. But do Americans still believe in that path, and if they do, is it attainable?

The most recent National Journal poll asked respondents about the American dream, what it takes to achieve their goals, and whether or not they felt a significant amount of control over their ability to be successful. Overwhelmingly, the results show that today, the idea of the American dream—and what it takes to achieve it—looks quite different than it did in the late 20th century.

By and large, people felt that their actions and hard work—not outside forces—were the deciding factor in how their lives turned out. But respondents had decidedly mixed feelings about what actions make for a better life in current economy. In the last seven years, Americans have grown more pessimistic about the power of education to lead to success. Even though they see going to college as a fairly achievable goal, a majority—52 percent—think that young people do not need a four-year college education in order to be successful.

Miguel Maeda, 42, who has a master’s degree and works in public health, was the first in his family to go to college, which has allowed him to achieve a sense of financial stability his parents and grandparents never did.

While some, like Maeda, emphasized the value of the degree rather than the education itself, others still see college as a way to gain new perspectives and life experiences.

Sixty-year-old Will Fendley, who had a successful career in the military and never earned a college degree, thinks “personal drive” is far more important than just going to college. To Fendley, a sense of drive and purpose, as well as an effective high-school education, and basic life skills, like balancing a checkbook, are the necessary ingredients for a successful life in America.

**51.** **It used to be commonly acknowledged that to succeed in America, one had to have    .**

A) an advanced academic degree

B) an ambition to get ahead

C) a firm belief in their dream

D) a sense of drive and purpose

**52.** **What is the finding of the latest National Journal poll concerning the American dream?**

A) More and more Americans are finding it hard to realize.

B) It remains alive among the majority of American people.

C) Americans’ idea of it has changed over the past few decades.

D) An increasing number of young Americans are abandoning it.

**53.** **What do Americans now think of the role of college education in achieving success?**

A) It still remains open to debate.

B) It has proved to be beyond doubt.

C) It is no longer as important as it used to be.

D) It is much better understood now than ever. 

**54.** **How do some people view college education these days?**

A) It promotes gender equality.   

B) It needs to be strengthened.

C) It adds to cultural diversity.   

D) It helps broaden their minds.

**55.** **What is one factor essential to success in America, according to Will Fendley?**

A) desire to learn and to adapt.   

B) A strong sense of responsibility.

C) A willingness to commit oneself.  

D) A clear aim and high motivation.



### 2017年12月卷三

**Passage One**

**Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.**

Aging happens to all of us, and is generally thought of as a natural part of life. It would seem silly to call such a thing a “disease.”

On the other hand, scientists are increasingly learning that aging and biological age are two different things, and that the former is a key risk factor for conditions such as heart disease, cancer and many more. In that light, aging itself might be seen as something treatable, the way you would treat high blood pressure or a vitamin deficiency.

Biophysicist Alex Zhavoronkov believes that aging should be considered a disease. He said that describing aging as a disease creates incentives to develop treatments.

“It unties the hands of the pharmaceutical(制药的)industry so that they can begin treating the disease and not just the side effects,” he said.

“Right now, people think of aging as natural and something you can’t control,” he said. “In academic circles, people take aging research as just an interest area where they can try to develop interventions. The medical community also takes aging for granted, and can do nothing about it except keep people within a certain health range.”

But if aging were recognized as a disease, he said, “It would attract funding and change the way we do health care.

What matters is understanding that aging is curable.”

“It was always known that the body accumulates damage,” he added. “The only way to cure aging is to find ways to repair that damage. I think of it as preventive medicine for age-related conditions.”

Leonard Hayflick, a professor at the University of California, San Francisco, said the idea that aging can be cured implies the human lifespan can be increased, which some researchers suggest is possible. Hayflick is not among them.

“There’re many people who recover from cancer, stroke, or heart disease. But they continue to age, because aging is separate from their disease,” Hayflick said. “Even if those causes of death were eliminated, life expectancy would still not go much beyond 92 years.”

**46.** **What do people generally believe about aging?**

A) It should cause no alarm whatsoever.

B) They just cannot do anything about it.

C) It should be regarded as a kind of disease.

D) They can delay it with advances in science.

**47.** **How do many scientists view aging now?**

A) It might be prevented and treated.

B) It can be as risky as heart disease.

C) It results from a vitamin deficiency.

D) It is an irreversible biological process.

**48.** **What does Alex Zhavoronkov think of “describing aging as a disease”?**

A) It will prompt people to take aging more seriously.

B) It will greatly help reduce the side effects of aging.

C) It will free pharmacists from the conventional beliefs about aging.

D) It will motivate doctors and pharmacists to find ways to treat aging.

**49.** **What do we learn about the medical community?**

A) They now have a strong interest in research on aging.

B) They differ from the academic circles in their view on aging.

C) They can contribute to people’s health only to a limited extent.

D) They have ways to intervene in people’s aging process.

 

**50.** **What does Professor Leonard Hayflick believe?** 

A) The human lifespan cannot be prolonged.

B) Aging is hardly separable from disease.

C) Few people can live up to the age of 92.

D) Heart disease is the major cause of aging.

 

**Passage Two**

**Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage**

Female applicants to postdoctoral positions in geosciences were nearly half as likely to receive excellent letters of recommendation, compared with their male counterparts. Christopher Intagliata reports.

As in many other fields, gender bias is widespread in the sciences. Men score higher starting salaries, have more mentoring (指导), and have better odds of being hired. Studies show they’re also perceived as more competent than women in STEM(Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) fields. And new research reveals that men are more likely to receive excellent letters of recommendation, too.

“Say, you know, this is the best student I’ve ever had,” says Kuheli Dutt, a social scientist and diversity officer at Columbia University’s Lamont campus. “Compare those excellent letters with a merely good letter: ‘The candidate was productive, or intelligent, or a solid scientist or something that’s clearly solid praise,’ but nothing that singles out the candidate as exceptional or one of a kind.”

Dutt and her colleagues studied more than 1,200 letters of recommendation for postdoctoral positions in geoscience. They were all edited for gender and other identifying information, so Dutt and her team could assign them a score without knowing the gender of the student. They found that female applicants were only half as likely to get outstanding letters, compared with their male counterparts. That includes letters of recommendation from all over the world, and written by, yes, men and women. The findings are in the journal Nature Geoscience.

Dutt says they were not able to evaluate the actual scientific qualifications of the applicants using the data in the files. But she says the results still suggest women in geoscience are at a potential disadvantage from the very beginning of their careers starting with those less than outstanding letters of recommendation.

“We’re not trying to assign blame or criticize anyone or call anyone conscious sexist. Rather, the point is to use the results of this study to open up meaningful dialogues on implicit gender bias, be it at a departmental level or an institutional level or even a discipline level.” Which may lead to some recommendations for the letter writers themselves.

**51.** **What do we learn about applicants to postdoctoral positions in geosciences?**

A) There are many more men applying than women.

B) Chances for women to get the positions are scare.

C) More males than females are likely to get outstanding letters of recommendation.

D) Male applicants have more interest in these positions than their female counterparts.

**52.** **What do studies about men and women in scientific research show?**

A) Women engaged in postdoctoral work are quickly catching up.

B) Fewer women are applying for postdoctoral positions due to gender bias.

C) Men are believed to be better able to excel in STEM disciplines.

D) Women who are keenly interested in STEM fields are often exceptional.

**53.** **What do the studies find about the recommendation letters for women applicants?**

A) They are hardly ever supported by concrete examples.

B) They contain nothing that distinguishes the applicants.

C) They provide objective information without exaggerate.

D) They are often filled with praise for exceptional applicants.

**54.** **What did Dutt and her colleagues do with the more than 1, 200 letters of recommendation?**

A) They asked unbiased scholars to evaluate them.

B) They invited women professionals to edit them.

C) Them assigned them randomly to reviewers.

D) They deleted all information about gender.

**55.** **What does Dutt aim to do with her study?**

A) Raise recommendation writers’ awareness of gender bias in their letters.

B) Open up fresh avenues for women post-doctors to join in research work.

C) Alert women researchers to all types of gender bias in the STEM disciplines.

D) Start a public discussion on how to raise women’s status in academic circles.